Call: 917-224-5987Snack Tips:Carbohydrates are the major source of fuel for muscles.  Athletes should consume high quality carbs throughout the day to maintain optimum energy levels.High quality carbs are whole wheat bread, oatmeal and barley (cereals), rice, potatoes, beans, dried fruit, and fresh fruit.Consuming high quality lean protein throughout the day is essential for effective recovery and repair of damaged muscle tissue.High quality lean sources of protein are meats that are grilled, baked, or broiled, fish, chicken, turkey, seafood, egg whites, and lean beef such as round, sirloin, and fillet.Fat is not a good source of energy.  It takes a long time to digest and break down into energy.  Fat intake should be moderate throughout the day.Drink plenty of fluids.  This will help prevent dehydration, fatigue, and muscle cramps.  This is extremely important before, during, and after a game practice or workout.Always remember, under eating or not eating enough calories is not a safe and recommended way to lose weight.  Eating too few calories can decrease your metabolism, strength, and performance on the court and in the classroom.We use the Vertimax Training System...proven to improve your game!!Used on individuals, groups and teams. See below for pricing.Ground Up training are available to provide one on one and team basketball training for all skill levels: junior high, high school, college and pros.  If you want to improve your game, you need to know your weaknesses.  The training is more than just basketball. We set you up with a schedule for your academics as well as break down your  game.We work with you on fundamentals from scratch to help you to  become a complete student athlete and complete player. We will work on conditioning, help you to gain focus, speed, agility, help you with your shooting technique, defense stance and help you to become comfortable with your game.You will get information on NCAA requirements, Clearinghouse regulations, exposure games, and a wealth of information that is not provided by the average high school.When you work with me you have to set goals, you have to make sacrifices, and you have to be serious. If you do these 3 things you are on your way to becoming a complete playerAll workouts are five days a week, 3 days minimum, and are 1 1/2 hour long For maximum results all packages are four to eight weeks long. This will give each player time to understand what complete training is all about. In addition, it will give players enough time to see how their bodies are going to feel week by week, on and off the court, and aids in helping players to see their results after a period of time.  Having workouts for a month or more helps players gain trust that their bodies are being taken care of.  PACKAGES ARE AS FOLLOWS:1 1/2 hour private lesson: $75 per lessonOption 1:  Basic Fundamental Skill PackageIncludes: Shooting, Dribbling, Passing, and Defense$650 (8 sessions -- 1 1/2 hr long --2-3 days a week)Option 2:  Fundamentally Sound PackageIncludes: Speed, Agility, Quickness, Balance and Coordination, Power, Flexibility, Condition, Vertical jump and skill set fundamentals$750 (16 sessions -- 1 1/2 hr long -- 2-3 days a week)Option 3: Complete Player PackageIncludes: Complete training, Weight Room , Functional Movement, Skill Set Fundamentals, Game Speed, Offensive and Defensive sets, How to read film and scout opponents, and IQ increase.$850 (24 sessions -- 1 1/2 hr long --2-3 days a week)All players must be dedicated to give 100% during each workout. Ask questions and work on things when not training will help you become better and improve faster.Semi-Private -- 2 - 4 kids1 1/2 hour semi-private lesson: $100 totalTeam Training1 1/2 hour team training: $15 per person (10 person minimum)PERSONAL TRAINING prices will be discussed during initial consultation.  PAR- Questionnaire (Physical, activity, readiness) This test measures the minimal fitness for beginners to start a moderate intensity exercise program.Fitness Benefits - Better appearance, improved performance, good health, and a better quality of life.Bruce Bishop is certified in Personal Training, CPR and First aid and has knowledge of how to treat and prevent minor and major sports related injuries. He is very passionate about teaching others, mainly our youth about the importance of exercise, conditioning, health and nutrition, helping in the fight against childhood obesity. Bruce Bishop started a basketball camp in 1998, which started with 4 kids who wanted to learn how to play basketball and it slowly grew to over 75 kids, boys and girls ages 10-17, a staff and volunteer base of 10 which received grants and donations for several years. The camp had it's final year in the summer of 2008.  Bruce Bishop has experience coordinating a summer basketball tournament of 13 teams implementing a fundamental basketball training program at an after school program as well as organizing several clinics. Bruce Bishop had the pleasure of working with Royal Ivey (NBA player for Philadelphia 76ers) and family on a basketball skills clinic in 2008.Bruce Bishop has trained not only basketball players but also football and track athletes and has worked at the following schools: Archbishop Molloy High School, Middle Village, NY, Francis Lewis High School, Bayside, NY, I Love Our Youth Basketball Association, Hollis, NY, St. Mary’s High School, Manhasset, NY, ABCD Basketball Camp, Teaneck, NJ: Warwick High School, Virginia, NY Explosion AAU Basketball Team, Queens, NY, and Long Island Lightening AAU Basketball Team, Long Island, NYWe will meet at your place or our place at Jack City Sports, 1152 Auburn Rd # 500, Dacula, GA 30019Ground Up Training has provided training services for over 30 years. We have worked with basketball players, track athletes, general fitness clients, and youth ages 10 and up.Ground Up Training has a special fitness approach that achieves all goals. Our services include: Nutrition assistance, weight loss programs, body toning, and muscle building exercises. WE USE THE VERTIMAX ALL SPORT TRAINER! THIS IS THE TRAINING SYSTEM YOUR COMPETITION DOESN'T WANT YOU TO KNOW ABOUT.VERTIMAX IS THE WAY TO DEVELOP SPEED, AGILITY, POWER AND VERTICAL JUMP.EVERY ATHLETE, EVERY SPORT, EVERY SKILL LEVEL.